hut obama and three nights turned to
congress we again heard old songs
about the main quote of the Russian economy
torn to pieces in the morning for a speech
american president started
respond domestic policy the most
hard expression came from power
government bloc aha broke like a tuzik
heating pad but the softest heard from
economic president barack obama
Peter is mistaken blue-eyed master speech
the White House and the reaction to it with such
the excitement is usually juvenile bullies
telling peers in the yard what
broke a window in the doorway and here the president
such a big and influential country
barrack Obama happily promises Russia
new challenges and have taken on a bone
exaggerated emphasizing its
significance last year we did
hard work together with our
sanction allies
It turned out that today America is strong and
united with its allies russia
paralyzed her economy torn in
shreds and this is at least strange in its
US president's speech like
expected should have been above all
bragging about us
but it turned out the spirit, see them more
worse but the congress hall to strangers
troubles were all happy
but in the Russian State Duma in the statement
Obama today were outraged yes from Russia
there are economic problems but they
caused by
objective adverse factors
Obama and then where is he that the price of oil
Obama is apparently trying to cover his
foreign policy failures trying
currently there is merit that it
really not having it too when pivas
Obama makes such statements but to
sorry for reality have no
relations Russian economists too in
in amazement, Obama is advised to teach materiel
for someone who knows a little bit
The situation with the Russian economy is clear
aggressive US policy here gently
saying not the main factor
photoguide to this inward for inner
enjoy this speech none of the serious
people do not read read will never be
she for congress
but saying the american president
does well and tangible reputation
Russia official response
authorized bodies was just
Russian mid response needed
followed quickly today just here
held a big press conference on
the outcome
last year but also a new statement by Obama
about russia sergey laurels of course could not t
comment on the words of american
President, he analyzed
in terms of philosophy these
statements according to the head of department
well chosen us course
on the confrontation speech of the president
Obama shows that the United States
still want to dominate the world they
be even first among equals
they are more such an aggressive philosophy
foreign policy seems to me it
will be the topic of relations between Russia and the United States
quite predictably became one of
key at this press conference as well as
Ukraine 's themes are still difficult here
but Sergey Lavrov noted there are small
shifts sometimes perform part
arrangements still manage now
we come close to not
depending on the conservation of the disputed plot
on the line of contact
regardless of this still solve
the main problem is to secure the peaceful
population of cities and other populated
items for this need to take heavy
armament and the dead from the attacks of Kiev
security officials civilians in the east
Ukraine hut obama by the way in his
speech never once mentioned
as if they are not there or there but in the us
they are not interested in this detail
Twitter indicated the head of the State Duma Committee
International Affairs Alexei Guns in
addressing the nation obama said a lot
but completely forgot four thousand
eight hundred killed Kiev civilians
in the east of Ukraine
igil killed less people problems
Russian economy of US presidents
apparently more important than the thousands of dead civilians
Ukrainian citizens have a little
take pride
some american political science is already
noted the speech of the hut obama before
congress was full of posturing while
important topics for his country in it
barely touched Viktor snow Oleg derkach
Dori foreigner render